Kiran Sharma
ML Engineer

Machine learning engineer with proven success in building successful algorithms and predictive models for different industries. Highly adept at clustering and classification, web scrapping, data analysis, and visualization. A thriving analyst with the ability to apply ML techniques and algorithm development to solve real-world industry problems.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Nov 2017 - May 2021
Machine Learning Engineer
Stack Intellect, Bangalore
project
Used machine learning and statistical modeling techniques to develop and evaluate algorithms to improve performance, quality, data management and accuracy.

Worked with Adobe’s research teams to take the state of the art in research and make great products and features.

Developed, simulated, tested, and improved algorithms for predicting electrical load and generation.

Designed lean proofs of concepts (POC) to answer targeted business questions. Explored and worked with a wide range of proprietary, interesting data stores. Applied existing methods or developed new methods.

May 2015 - Oct 2017
Machine Learning Engineer
Network Corp, Bangalore

Consulted with managers to determine and refine machine learning objectives.

Designed machine learning systems and self-running artificial intelligence (AI) software to automate predictive models.

Turned unstructured data into useful information by auto-tagging images and text-to-speech conversions.

Solved complex problems with multi-layered data sets, as well as optimized existing machine learning libraries and frameworks.

Developed ML algorithms to analyze huge volumes of historical data to make predictions.

Certifications

Certificate in Advanced Data Science

COURSES

Jan 2013 - Jun 2013
Course in Python
Coursera

Sep 2013 - Feb 2014
Course in C++
Coursera

PERSONAL INFO

Phone
8769502883

Email
kiramsharma@gmail.com

LINKEDIN

linkedin.com/in/kiramsharma

SKILLS

Data Visualization

Predictive Analysis

Statistical Modeling

Data Mining

Clustering & Classification

Quantitative Analysis

ML Algorithms

Web Scraping

LANGUAGES

English

Hindi